he wants of YouTube's acheron superset
TV and in this video I'm going to be
comparing the camera quality of the
Samsung Galaxy s4 to the Nokia Lumia 95
I'll be looking at both the front-facing
cameras as well as the rear facing
cameras and at videos as well as images
I do look out for the audio icon in the
corner of the screen and that will
indicate to you which device that the
audio is coming from now we currently
indoors we're using the front-facing
cameras on both of these devices and
we've got a decent amount of light now
one thing to know right away is that the
s4 has a 1080p front-facing camera
whereas the Lumia 95 only has a 720p
front facing camera so you may notice a
difference straightaway so anyway do hit
that thumbs up and let's go outside and
attach the rear facing cameras as well
so we are outdoors right now it's a
pretty decent day out sides we've got
plenty of light and this is the sort of
quality that you can expect from both of
the cameras here here are some flowers
we've just got a bit of a variation in
colors we've got some red ones here at
the bottom that here's some yellow ones
here hopefully this gives you a bit of a
better idea in terms of the differences
here so we are now indoors with the
samsung galaxy s4 and we're forming in
pretty low light and just to test the
focusing in low-light it seems to be
pretty decent the autofocus on the
camera here as you can see although the
picture quality on here does seem pretty
dull now we are with the Lumia 925
indoors the same lighting that we had
with the samsung galaxy s4 and just
testing out what sort of results that
you get on here and it seems on screen
it looks much better we'll find out
later on but on screen this is looking
much better the autofocus is doing a
pretty well as well so we're getting a
pretty decent autofocus it is a little
bit does do a little bit of a search
when finding the autofocus but quality
is looking really good so that was the
video now let's have a look at some
images so we'll start off with a selfie
hashtag selfie one
most people use their front-facing
cameras for Instagram selfies right but
anyway you're looking at the images I
don't even have to say anything the
images speak for themselves here the s4
is doing a much better job I'm really
disappointed with the front-facing
camera here on the Lumia 925 completely
washed out the colors just look very
very bad the s4 much much better job
here you've got better skin tones and
the colors are just much better gotten
much sharper image as well now moving on
to an outdoor shot so you can see these
flowers here both of these seem to be
doing a pretty good job the Lumia Smyly
warmer but not a huge deal of difference
here now the one thing that you do have
to bear in mind is that the s4 has a 13
megapixel camera whereas the Lumia 95
has an eight point seven megapixel
camera so you're gonna have a larger
image on at the s4 so if you go in 100%
you can see we've got a larger image on
at the s4 but you've also got a lot more
detail here on the s4 much sharper image
and I'm very very impressed with the
quality here just look at that flower
you can see some amazing detail whereas
the Lumia 95 is slightly softer at 100%
not as much sharp detail on the Lumia 95
compared to the s4 now moving on to a
wide outdoor shot both of these doing a
pretty good job in terms of detail and
image quality I would say the Lumia
again a little bit warmer compared to
the cooler tones of the s4 I think this
would depend on personal preference but
quite similar in terms of detail and
image quality
now vegetarians look okay here is an
image of my lunch because again that's
something that everybody posts on
Instagram don't they with the hashtag
foodporn
no just me but just looking at the
images I think both of these are doing a
brilliant job in terms of the detail
also like the depth of field focused in
on the chicken now both of these was set
on auto white balance so if you look at
the plate you can see the s4 is doing a
much better job in terms of the auto
white balance and you've got more of an
accurate tone there on the white plate
whereas on the Lumia 95 you're getting a
bit of a blue tint now looking at an
image indoors in low-light I do think
that the Lumia 95 is doing a better job
of low-light as it was doing with the
video and it's a brighter image
and just look at that detail on the
Lumia 95 image it almost looks like the
image was taken in daylight it's very
very nice and I'm very impressed with
the low-light performance of the Lumia
95 an image using the flash now I'm not
a fan of using flash on any smartphone
camera but the s4 does seem to be doing
a much better job you've got much more
accurate color tones now the Lumia 95 I
was expecting it to do better because
it's got a dual LED flash but very
yellowy tint there and it's looking
quite muggy so I don't like that to
summarize I would say in good light the
s4 does take better images you've got
more detail and a better color tones and
in terms of video in good light I think
they are pretty even both of these
cameras here but in low-light there is
no doubt that the Lumia is miles better
especially in video as you saw the Lumia
does a great job in low-light so if you
are looking for a low-light shooter then
your Lumia 95 is a great option in terms
of the front-facing cameras at the s4
definitely better I would say the Lumia
just did a very very bad job any
although the rear-facing camera on the
Lumia 95 is pretty good the front-facing
camera was a very very disappointing in
my opinion I also preferred the audio of
the s4 that's mainly because it's got
stereo sound compared to mono sound on
the Lumia 925
so the alumini 95 only has a single
channel of audio whereas the s4 has a
dual channels of audio that's what I
think anyway what do you think do drop
me a comment below and let me know your
thoughts which camera do you think is
better on what your opinions if you do
want to see more images from both these
devices then do go ahead and give me a
follow on Instagram I am at super Seth
TV I'll be posting lots more images from
the Illuma 95 while I'm using it for
review and there's lots of s4 images on
there already I hope you enjoyed this
video and found it useful if you did as
always please please do hit that thumbs
up but for me it really does help me out
um why not subscribe to the channel I've
got plenty more content coming up on
here including a full Nokia Lumia 95
review thanks for watching this is
Sappho on
super-safe TV and i'll see you next time
if you want to see more regular videos I
like this one the visual hit
grab button which will be below if you
own a mobile device it may be somewhere
else if you want to see my previous
related video then hit the link right
here
you're gonna stay in touch over Facebook
Twitter Google+ then all of the
addresses will be there somewhere as
well as direct links in the description
below